samples: wifi: wfa_qt_app: Update QT documentation (#12573)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/wifi/wfa_qt_app/README.rst

Requirements
************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-sample-yaml::

Overview
********

> Nordic's QuickTrack sample and library offer support for QuickTrack certification testing through two distinct interfaces: a netUSB interface and a SLIP interface (Serial Line Internet Protocol). We can choose either of these options for running QuickTrack certification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The QuickTrack sample and library offer support for QuickTrack certification testing through two distinct interfaces: a netUSB interface and a SLIP (Serial Line Internet Protocol) interface.
We can choose either of these options for running QuickTrack certification.
```

> Nordic's QuickTrack sample and library offer support for QuickTrack certification testing through two distinct interfaces: a netUSB interface and aUART interface (via SLIP (Serial Line Internet Protocol) protocol). We can choose either of these options for running QuickTrack certification.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Nordic's QuickTrack sample and library offer support for QuickTrack certification testing through two distinct interfaces: a netUSB interface and a SLIP interface (Serial Line Internet Protocol). We can choose either of these options for running QuickTrack certification.
```

See `Wi-Fi Alliance Certification for nRF70 Series <Wi-Fi Alliance Certification for nRF70 Series_>`_ for more information.

Test setup
==========

The following figure shows a reference test setup.

> .. figure:: /images/wifi_quicktrack_test_setup.svg

Reviewer: Need to reduce the image file size to remove the compliance error.

> .. figure:: /images/wifi_quicktrack_test_setup.svg

Reviewer 2: Did you forget to add this file?

Author: Sorry, i missed it. Will push now.

     :alt: Wi-Fi QuickTrack test setup

     Wi-Fi QuickTrack reference test setup

Build configuration
*******************

|config|

Configuration options
=====================

> The following sample-specific Kconfig options are used in this sample (located in :file:`samples/wifi/wfa_qt_app/Kconfig`) :

Reviewer: It seems there is only one option.
```suggestion
The following sample-specific Kconfig option is used in this sample (located in :file:`samples/wifi/wfa_qt_app/Kconfig`) :
```

Author: > It seems there is only one option.

Mutliple options are added, so not addressing this.

.. options-from-kconfig::
   :show-type:

> To specify IP addresses, you have the option to edit the following Kconfig options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify IP addresses, you can edit the following Kconfig options:

```

> * Use the `CONFIG_NET_CONFIG_USB_IPV4_ADDR` option in `overlay-netusb.conf` file to set the IPv4 address for USB communication.

Reviewer: Use similar formatting for line 52.
```suggestion
* Use the :ref:`CONFIG_NET_CONFIG_USB_IPV4_ADDR <CONFIG_NET_CONFIG_USB_IPV4_ADDR>` Kconfig option in the :file:`overlay-netusb.conf` file to set the IPv4 address for USB communication.
```

Requirements
************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-sample-yaml::

Overview
********

> The QuickTrack sample and library offer support for QuickTrack certification testing through two distinct interfaces: a netUSB interface and a SLIP (Serial Line Internet Protocol) interface.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The QuickTrack sample and library offer support for QuickTrack certification testing through two distinct interfaces: a netUSB interface and a Serial Line Internet Protocol (SLIP) interface.
```

> We can choose either of these options for running QuickTrack certification.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can choose either of these options for running QuickTrack certification.
```

See `Wi-Fi Alliance Certification for nRF70 Series <Wi-Fi Alliance Certification for nRF70 Series_>`_ for more information.

Test setup
==========

The following figure shows a reference test setup.

.. figure:: /images/wifi_quicktrack_test_setup.svg
     :alt: Wi-Fi QuickTrack test setup

     Wi-Fi QuickTrack reference test setup

Build configuration
*******************

|config|

Configuration options
=====================

The following sample-specific Kconfig options are used in this sample (located in :file:`samples/wifi/wfa_qt_app/Kconfig`) :

.. options-from-kconfig::
   :show-type:

To specify IP addresses, you can edit the following Kconfig options:

> * Use the :ref:`CONFIG_NET_CONFIG_USB_IPV4_ADDR <CONFIG_NET_CONFIG_USB_IPV4_ADDR>` Kconfig option in the :file:`overlay-netusb.conf` file to set the IPv4 address for USB communication.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Use the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NET_CONFIG_USB_IPV4_ADDR` Kconfig option in the :file:`overlay-netusb.conf` file to set the IPv4 address for USB communication.
```

> * Use the :ref:`CONFIG_NET_CONFIG_SLIP_IPV4_ADDR <CONFIG_NET_CONFIG_SLIP_IPV4_ADDR>` Kconfig option in the :file:`overlay-slip.conf` file to set the IPv4 address for UART communication.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Use the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NET_CONFIG_SLIP_IPV4_ADDR` Kconfig option in the :file:`overlay-slip.conf` file to set the IPv4 address for UART communication.
```

Building and running
********************

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/wifi/wfa_qt_app`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run_ns.txt

> Currently, the following configurations are supported.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Currently, the following configurations are supported:
```

Requirements
************

> The sample supports the following development kits:

Reviewer: Do we have more than one kit?

Author: Addressed.

   west build -b nrf7002dk_nrf5340_cpuapp

> To build for the nRF7002 EK with nRF5340 DK, use the ``nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp`` build target with the ``SHIELD`` CMake option set to ``nrf7002ek``.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To build for the nRF7002 EK with the nRF5340 DK, use the ``nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp`` build target with the ``SHIELD`` CMake option set to ``nrf7002ek``.
```

   [00:00:00.830,627] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported
   [00:00:00.832,214] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported
   [00:00:00.832,519] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported
   [00:00:00.834,594] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported
   [00:00:00.835,021] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported
   [00:00:00.835,327] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported
   [00:00:00.835,937] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported

Quicktrack certification testing
********************************

* QuickTrack certification tests can be done by individual companies with Wi-Fi Alliance membership or by authorised test houses.
* See :ref: `https://www.wi-fi.org/system/files/members/QuickTrack Test Tool Platform Integration Guide v1.0.pdf` for the installation process of relevant access points.

.. note::
   There is a known issue as follows: OpenWRT AP has a limitation to perform STAUT Security Vulnerability Detection test cases. Please use Intel AX210 station as SoftAP to perform the test in 2.4 GHz.

> See :ref: `https://www.wi-fi.org/file-member/quicktrack-test-tool-platform-intel-ax210-station-integration-guide` for more details.

Author: > for AX210 configuration

Added the reference link for AX210.

.. code-block:: console

   tunslip6 -s <serial_port> -T <IPv6_prefix>

> * `tunslip6`: tunslip6 creates a SLIP interface on the host PC. which can be used for serial communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``tunslip6``: It creates a SLIP interface on the host PC, which can be used for serial communication.
```

> * `serial port`: This can be replaced with device path on which DUT is connected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``serial_port``: It can be replaced with the device path on which DUT is connected.
```

> * `IPv6_prefix`: This can be replaced with the desired IPv6 address and subnet prefix length for your device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``IPv6_prefix``: It can be replaced with the desired IPv6 address and subnet prefix length for your device.
```

> Example command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is an example of the CLI command:
```

.. code-block:: console

   tunslip6 -s /dev/ttyACM4 -T 2001:db8::1/64

.. note::

>    This can be done only on Linux PC.

Reviewer: Check if the intent is correct.
```suggestion
   The SLIP interface can be created only on a Linux PC.
```

See also :ref:`cmake_options` for instructions on how to provide CMake options.

> Test execution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sample output
```

   [00:00:00.331,237] <inf> wfa_qt: Welcome to use QuickTrack Control App DUT version v2.1

   [00:00:00.331,268] <inf> wfa_qt: QuickTrack control app running at: 9004
   [00:00:00.331,268] <inf> wfa_qt: Wireless Interface: wlan0
   [00:00:00.757,965] <inf> net_config: Interface 1 (0x20007940) coming up
   [00:00:00.758,087] <inf> net_config: Running dhcpv4 client...
   [00:00:00.763,732] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000c not supported
   [00:00:00.830,627] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported
   [00:00:00.832,214] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported
   [00:00:00.832,519] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported
   [00:00:00.834,594] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported
   [00:00:00.835,021] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported
   [00:00:00.835,327] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported
   [00:00:00.835,937] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported

Quicktrack certification testing
********************************

> * QuickTrack certification tests can be done by individual companies with Wi-Fi Alliance membership or by authorised test houses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
QuickTrack certification tests can be done by individual companies with Wi-Fi Alliance membership or by authorized test houses.
```

> * See :ref: `https://www.wi-fi.org/system/files/members/QuickTrack Test Tool Platform Integration Guide v1.0.pdf` for the installation process of relevant access points.

Reviewer: Add the link in link.txt file, same for line 151 and 153.
```suggestion
See :ref: `https://www.wi-fi.org/system/files/members/QuickTrack Test Tool Platform Integration Guide v1.0.pdf` for the installation process of relevant access points.
```

.. note::

>    OpenWRT access points have known limitations running STAUT Security Vulnerability Detection test cases. Wi-Fi Alliance recommends use of Intel AX210 station as SoftAP to perform these tests.

Reviewer: It is unclear what STAUT is?
```suggestion
   OpenWRT access points have known limitations when running STAUT Security Vulnerability Detection test cases.
   Wi-Fi Alliance recommends using the Intel AX210 station as SoftAP to perform these tests.
```

Author: Added full form

See :ref: `https://www.wi-fi.org/file-member/quicktrack-test-tool-platform-intel-ax210-station-integration-guide` for more details.

> * See :ref: `https://www.wi-fi.org/system/files/members/QuickTrack Test Tool User Manual v2.2.pdf` for installing QuickTrack test tool.

Reviewer: Can we add line 153 somewhere higher in the documentation?

Author: Yeah, added just 2 lines above.

.. code-block:: console

   tunslip6 -s <serial_port> -T <IPv6_prefix>

> * ``tunslip6``: It creates a SLIP interface on the host PC. which can be used for serial communication.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* ``tunslip6``: Creates a SLIP interface on the host PC, which can be used for serial communication.
```

> * ``serial port``: It can be replaced with device path on which DUT is connected.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* ``serial port``: Can be replaced with the device path which the DUT is connected to.
```

> * ``IPv6_prefix``: It can be replaced with the desired IPv6 address and subnet prefix length for your device.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* ``IPv6_prefix``: Can be replaced with the desired IPv6 address and subnet prefix length for your device.
```

   [00:00:00.331,085] <inf> wpa_supp: Successfully initialized wpa_supplicant
   [00:00:00.331,237] <inf> wfa_qt: Welcome to use QuickTrack Control App DUT version v2.1

   [00:00:00.331,268] <inf> wfa_qt: QuickTrack control app running at: 9004
   [00:00:00.331,268] <inf> wfa_qt: Wireless Interface: wlan0
   [00:00:00.757,965] <inf> net_config: Interface 1 (0x20007940) coming up
   [00:00:00.758,087] <inf> net_config: Running dhcpv4 client...
   [00:00:00.763,732] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000c not supported
   [00:00:00.830,627] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported
   [00:00:00.832,214] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported
   [00:00:00.832,519] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported
   [00:00:00.834,594] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported
   [00:00:00.835,021] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported
   [00:00:00.835,327] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported
   [00:00:00.835,937] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported

> Quicktrack certification testing

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
QuickTrack certification testing
```

********************************

QuickTrack certification tests can be done by individual companies with Wi-Fi Alliance membership or by authorized test houses.

> * See `QuickTrack Test Tool User Manual`_ for installing QuickTrack test tool.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* See `QuickTrack Test Tool User Manual`_ for how to install the QuickTrack test tool.
```

* See `QuickTrack Test Tool Platform Integration Guide`_ for the installation process of relevant access points.

.. note::

>    OpenWRT access points have known limitations running when STAUT (Station Under Test) Security Vulnerability Detection test cases.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   OpenWRT access points have known limitations when running Station Under Test (STAUT) Security Vulnerability Detection test cases.
```

>    Wi-Fi Alliance recommends use of Intel AX210 station as SoftAP to perform these tests.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Wi-Fi Alliance recommends using Intel AX210 station as the SoftAP to perform these tests.
```

   [00:00:00.331,268] <inf> wfa_qt: QuickTrack control app running at: 9004
   [00:00:00.331,268] <inf> wfa_qt: Wireless Interface: wlan0
   [00:00:00.757,965] <inf> net_config: Interface 1 (0x20007940) coming up
   [00:00:00.758,087] <inf> net_config: Running dhcpv4 client...
   [00:00:00.763,732] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000c not supported
   [00:00:00.830,627] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported
   [00:00:00.832,214] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported
   [00:00:00.832,519] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported
   [00:00:00.834,594] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported
   [00:00:00.835,021] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported
   [00:00:00.835,327] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported
   [00:00:00.835,937] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported

QuickTrack certification testing
********************************

QuickTrack certification tests can be done by individual companies with Wi-Fi Alliance membership or by authorized test houses.

> See `QuickTrack Test Tool User Manual`_ for how to install the QuickTrack test tool.

Reviewer: Links seems to be giving page not found error, are these for the registered users only?
